Date: Wed, 8 Nov 2000 08:12:00 -0800 (PST)
From: gfoster@antigenics.com
To: c_wrede@yahoo.com, goodmanla@aol.com, littlefair@pickensfuelcorp.com, 
	amveneman@aol.com, ishnit@fessparker.com, ben@esprocket.com, 
	bmiller@ss.ca.gov, bibs@profilerusa.com, bgrady@carlylesf.com, 
	bobwhite@calstrat.com, brooke.vosburgh@amgen.com, 
	cwarner@pstrategies.com, crawfordtuttle@worldnett.att.net, 
	curt@curtpringle.com, dan_schnur@scholarshipfund.org, flog@fox.com, 
	fred.sainz@sdccc.org, dlucas@ncgpn.com, jdasovic@enron.com, 
	jbaden@rlmnet.com, cmbadenhausen@home.com, jimbrulte@aol.com, 
	pinkerto@ix.netcom.com, jodrake@compuserve.com, joerodota@kpmg.com, 
	kshanaha@painewebber.com, katy_mcdonald@moma.org, hergie@jps.net, 
	kims@profilerusa.com, mthompson@nvca.org, amatting@phrma.org, 
	mark_weinberg@mcgraw-hill.com, belbatj@aol.com, buschcomm@aol.com, 
	mike_lake@bm.com, kranhold@irvineco.com, rvw@rillc.com, 
	sondra_haley@tds.disney.com, tferrara@rogersassoc.com, 
	tip@cappellocorp.com, ward.rafferty.jr@rssmb.com, jhooley@siebel.com
Subject: to my CA friends
X-FileName: jdasovic.nsf

My advice to President W or to the '04 GOP nominee in the unfortunate case
that it's not W running for re-election:

Never, ever, ever again step foot in the state of California during the next
four years including your race for re-election. The only exception would be
to attend Ronald Reagan's funeral.

It's a waste of time.

As president, make regular trips to Florida, Illinois, Michigan, PA,
Wisconsin and any other state that doesn't cost you $12 million and hours of
wasted time in the air to get there, only to reject you by a solid 13
percentage points. If a candidate like you can't win in CA, then a total GOP
abandonment of the state should be imposed for the next millennium. I don't
care how many electoral votes they may have. You're young, attractive (which
is usually all it takes in CA), you spent lots time and money, had an
opponent who spent nothing, sold your political soul by disavowing 189 and
209 in order to reach out to minorities and were right on all the issues for
the techies like tort reform, taxes and rolling back regulations.

How can a candidate try to influence the deep thinkers who call CA home when
you're up against the sound advice they receive from Cher, Babs, the Baldwin
Brothers, the DreamWorks team, Whoopie and Rosie. It's obvious that
Californians would rather send to Washington, someone who can inspire a hit
TV program like the "West Wing", two liberal senators (one of whom is the
shrillest, most hypocritical apologist in political history) and a vast
majority of liberals to the  U.S. House while rejecting decent people like
Jim Rogan, Steve Kynendall and Brian Bilbray.

Once in office, you should work with the Republican congress to reward these
Californians by ensuring that they receive no highway money, no research
money and most of all, no disaster relief money. The last one should really
hurt since they're due for another big one, or a big fire, or a big mud
slide, or a big Pacific storm.

Of course, this advice is coming from someone who now calls a state home
that has decided to send to the United States Senate, one of the most
truthful, honest, humble, dedicated and caring individuals ever to
unselfishly enter public life. I mean elected public life, because she's
already been working on the issues that really matter to families for over
30 years.

<MARKUP id=erin Time=Fri Jan 13 11:43:27 GMT 2006 Interesting=true>CLOSE_PERSONAL</MARKUP>
